Now it worked before because I made a mistake, it didn't really send there, it didn't update the URL in our
front-end code because we didn't reload the page often enough,
we only reloaded it once, should have reloaded it twice.
So this is now the first time it really tries to send it to our own back-end there we got a cors error, no
access control allow origin headers present.
Now let me quickly fix that with you. As a side note before I fix it,
you will notice that if you update your indexedDB here, it's still queued up, correctly so.
The reason leading to this error is that I used the cors function incorrectly, it's almost correct
and then it is not, the function here doesn't pass request and response on, it's actually a function which
doesn't take any input,
we do have access to request and response inside of the function though because this outer function executing
on an incoming request gives us access to it.
Instead we need to pass both request and response as extra arguments to cors, a little error I made here
when we set this up,
so cors takes three arguments, the first one is the request, the second one is the response and
the third one is the actual function where we have our logic.
Now another thing we need to fix here, we need to initialize the app so that we can actually access the
Firebase database with admin,
so outside of this exports store post data thing, I'll call admin, initialize app
and here I need to pass the credentials to initialize this application and for that, we need two things.
We need to tell it where our application lives, where the database lives at
and we need a key file.
Now the location of the database is simple,
simply this URL here,
so I'll copy this and add the database URL property here which is a string to this URL, URL with
capital characters,
we also need that key file and we get this under settings
here, project settings,
so here on this here icon, project settings and there on service accounts.
If you want to use the admin SDK which we want, you'll simply need to download your service account
key file,
here you can find the full code for initialising it, you could copy that.
So you should generate a new private key here,
generate the key and download it,
that's a JSON file, store it in your project folder under functions and you may of course shorten the
name here, so
I will name it pwagram fbkey, whatever you like, store the JSON file in that folder
and with that go back to your functions code at credential, credential here and then you need to import
that key file.
Now the code can be found here,
I'll just copy it.
Var service account,
I'll create a new variable here
and I will point to my key file here which is ./ and then pwagram fbkey.json
since it's lying in the same folder
and then I'll refer to this service account variable here though by calling admin credential cert and
then passing service account and this will basically read this file and initialize my app.
So with that, we got the access otherwise this would throw an error which wasn't handled by cors
hence we got this cryptic cors error
and now with both change is in place, I can deploy my application by calling Firebase deploy again
and this would again take a couple of seconds and then we will visit this again.
So redeploying finished, the URL didn't change so we don't need to change anything there,
we don't even have to restart our browser or refresh the page because the error happened on the server.
So now what I will do is I will still refresh this to re-trigger the sync watcher of the browser
basically and I will push a third message,
some title three three three, something like that, whatever you like, our location and post this. Now
it's syncing this
and this looks good,
it's sending all the other requests too it had queued up,
we get back status 201. Now if
we inspect indexedDB,
so refresh it and reopen the developer tools to fix that bug where it doesn't show otherwise,
you see it's empty so now it deleted the correct ID,
that's good,
so that worked
and now if visit Firebase, under database, we see all these new posts here with some title three three three
and the other queued up posts.
So this is all working correctly as it should
which of course is awesome.
Now with that, we got that finished,
you of course don't need to add this to have basic background synchronization to work,
it's an important step for the rest of the course though because we'll soon add more where we definitely
need to run our own server-side code and for returning the ID of the added project which allows us
to clean this up in the service worker correctly,
it was also important.
So with that, onto the next course module.